fix(ratelimits): Added some text on webhooks (#4683)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/api/ratelimits.mdx

The rate limiter looks at the caller's identity instead of the bearer token or cookie. As such, the rate limit cannot be bypassed by generating multiple tokens.

<Note>

> Polling the API for updates is a quick way to get rate limited, instead leverage our [webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/) if possible.

Reviewer: "Leverage" is a word we try to avoid per our style guide and we want to avoid idioms. I've made some suggestions.

```suggestion
Polling the API for updates is likely to quickly trigger rate limiting. We recommend using our [webhooks](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/), if possible.
```
